Improve documentation and guidelines (#186)
Ekumen-OS/beluga: README.md

# Beluga

[![CI pipeline](https://github.com/Ekumen-OS/beluga/actions/workflows/ci_pipeline.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Ekumen-OS/beluga/actions/workflows/ci_pipeline.yml?query=branch:main)
[![License Apache-2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

## Overview

> Beluga is an extensible C++ library with a ground-up implementation of the Monte Carlo Localization (MCL) family of estimation algorithms featuring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beluga is an extensible C++17 library with a ground-up implementation of the Monte Carlo Localization (MCL) family of estimation algorithms featuring:
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/Ekumen-OS/beluga/pull/186/commits/570081679de0004a1a82d9ef2f29b2e232069b48.

- A modular design based on orthogonal components that can be merged together using the mixin pattern.

> - Good test coverage to prevent regressions and facilitate code improvements.

Reviewer: I don't quite like "good" here, sounds subjective, but I don't have a better alternative. Maybe:
```suggestion
- Emphasis on the prevention of regressions and facilitation of code improvements through test coverage.
```

Author: Changed in https://github.com/Ekumen-OS/beluga/pull/186/commits/d2d26f656dd3d429b7c8cac938e4b63129eeb646.

> - Automated benchmarks that can be used to validate different configurations.

Reviewer: Should we say "semi-automated" at this point, since the user is still in the loop?

Author: I might be wrong, but the benchmarks are automated AFAIK.

Reviewer: The benchmark execution is automated, but the benchmark still needs to be started by the user, right? In my head, fully automated does not require user intervention at all: it starts, runs and generates a report autonomously (e.g. runs in CI for all updates to main / for all new releases).

And maybe related to the distinction, by benchmarks here do you mean the micro-benchmarks that run in tests, or the beluga_benchmark package that generates reports?
